tutorials: Extending Lake indexer with start options (#9)
near/indexers-docs: tutorials/lake/lake-start-options.mdx

OK, all the preparations are done. Let's move on.

## Design the `StartOptions`

So we want to be able to pass a command that defines the way our indexer should start. Our variants are:

- `from-block N`, where `N` is the block height to start from
- `from-latest` to start from latest final block in the network
- `from-interruption` to start from the block indexer was previously interrupted

Let's replace the comment `// TODO: StartOptions` with the enum:

```rust title=src/main.rs
#[derive(Subcommand, Debug, Clone)]
pub(crate) enum StartOptions {
    FromBlock { height: u64 },
    FromLatest,
    FromInterruption,
}
```

Pretty simple and straightforward, agree?

## Creating a `LakeConfig`

In order to create `LakeConfig` we're going to use a config builder [`LakeConfigBuilder`](https://docs.rs/near-lake-framework/0.3.0/near_lake_framework/struct.LakeConfigBuilder.html). Fotunately, we've imported it already.

Let's instantiate a builder in place of `// TODO: Config` comment:

```rust title=src/main.src
    let mut lake_config_builder = LakeConfigBuilder::default();
```

> We are marking `lake_config_builder` as mutable for a reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that `lake_config_builder` is defined as mutable.
```
